Is this still the stubborn prince I know?
From Now On
No one is worthy to talk in front of the thirteenth prince anymore
The corpse is dead, this Zhaoqing banquet is over
The winner is His Highness the Thirteenth Chen Yuanxiao
Xiao Chan Na
Why don't you send your Highness back quickly?
This head is the quality assurance of our big money
Don't dare to break him
These are all 13 seats
Please be sure, Your Majesty
Everyone calls him the poet fairy
What a heavy reward
Immediately send thirteen a thousand gold taels
Yujin Wuxu
Obey
No one you choose can choose that useless prince
Why not?
The thirteenth prince is talented
He is a rare poet in 10,000 years
I will not marry anyone but him
Just a cultural scholar
I would never choose one
The son-in-law of the durian brothel on Sunday does not believe it.